hey folks this is Terry with the proto
school community called for June floors
we have a few updates for you today
including a couple that we're really
excited about so we will get started on
the content side I am working on
building a new tutorial on verified
storage in point which will be our first
about point tutorial so looking forward
to that and then I will let say show
everyone the tutorial feedback survey I
think we introduced it last time but it
is done now and collecting feedback so
share my screen so now every time you
finish a tutorial for school so if you
look at story and then you finish about
everything you get onto the neck to the
last page you will get this feedback so
everywhere you can fill in the questions
so first to understand exactly what went
on in the tutorial if we if you thought
that the concept was of a wet world and
I presented any other feedback you have
this way we can understand if we need to
improve any part of a specific tutorial
of any contents and so we can get better
feedback from our users so yeah in the
future we will also so this is enable
this actually now - we have some stats
to understand because you can rate them
from one to five
this says enable this one to to go on
this granular level on each parameter
that we have set up for the server in
future will also be able to we're
working on trying to understand what is
the profile of our users so we can
better cater for them specific if we for
an onion on cookie users for coming year
there isn't that kind of stuff so other
things that we have done as well since
last meeting so we did some updates to
our PFS integration since we have
validation code and we have integration
with JSF EFS we did
some updates so we can better deal with
their errors and this way further on we
will have a better way to deal with
their changes their upcoming changes so
this will make our our code challenges
would be more sustainable in the future
and we also fixed a small Firefox bug on
the newsletter for folks that are using
content there if they are blocking they
are using the enhanced I think it's
calling hence tracking protection for
Firefox this would happen they will not
be able to subscribe so if you had any
trouble before it would be something
along the lines I mean sure this yeah so
if you're using the enhanced tracking
protection I'm strict you would not be
able to subscribe my Firefox so on the
latest version so now that's fixed and
so as Terry said we now have a new cool
tutorial builder so for content authors
where we have where we had previously to
create a bunch of files to actually make
sure that the the tutorials come up on
the website on the listing and that kind
of stuff you have to create a bunch of
files and it was the process was a bit
it was just a bunch of grunt work to do
so now we create a CLI so you can more
automatically set up your circles so for
example I have the anatomy of the CID
tutorial and this is the Jason thoughts
at all religious and file that we have
to update when I went to this stuff so
if you want to update its our for
example I would do it like this and it
would update
oh I haven't started my service so of
course it's not working properly so this
is how you would have paid the content
right so you update the Jason file and
then all the information here with
updates um you'll need to add this
information here at first create the
folders here now what we've done is
when you first okay
okay so this is how we have played the
constant here and create I come to
further tutorial so now when we want to
add in the disorder we had to create the
folder and that kind of stuff so now
what we actually need to do is just use
create a little CLI tool called per user
so let's say I want to create a new
tutorial and let's give it a name of a
p2p fears discovery and this is okay
let's options so this is all the process
I have to do on the JSON file um yeah
just a small description a p2p first
tutorial something like that this is a
good example and then here I'd say no
okay cool
okay I'd say no so this automatically a
now created everything that needs to
happen for the tutorial to show up here
doesn't have any license now but I can
do that so I can go back and do the
lesson and yeah I want to add to it
I see number one now I wanted to be text
and then have another lesson what's
number two and multiple choice and what
this has done now is automatically the
things pop up here so the first one is a
text lesson and the next one is a quiz
so everything is set up what you need to
do it now just write to Constance if you
want what do you need to do now is go
actually to the folder structure and you
have the first tutorial here and this is
where you write to remark down to and
then you can update the title if you
want but and actually write your your
constant and then on the second lesson
here you can update the first question I
started this is the answer yes or one my
English word yeah so this is where you
actually the files already created for
you we just need to write in the
constants for putting writing that's
sort of yeah that's it so this will
enable you to also add resources as well
to this last page I know it doesn't have
any I can do that also have a resource
here it's
this is a correct tone with the title of
resource and let's say it could be lots
page and sleepy and sex talks and and so
now I can go here and lock pages here
and I click on it and it goes over to
movie ones so this is just a much
quicker way you just saw that in in one
minute or two I was able to create the
tutorial and see it and then now I just
need to focus on the content so we just
wanted to make sure that when you create
content you are not worried about
technicalities and grunt workers just go
into into the into the content so what
else we have
yeah so next thing kept coming up soon
will be the p2p tutorial support now of
course now we can do text and multiple
choice tutorials license but we we are
working on making sure we have cool
challenges support so that you can be
able to to create the P nodes and that
kind of stuff in school yes so that's I
think that's yeah you can go ahead sorry
yeah you wanna stop your screen sharing
yeah so yeah the only other quick
updates we have our friends at Moxie
owned Porto dot school and they had
helped us get it redirected to proto dot
school for people who type their keys in
the wrong order when they're trying to
get to us and she's awesome and then the
other update is about this call itself
we've had lower attendance than usual
lately
and I think time zones are a challenge
for people and people are also dealing
with a lot right now with coronavirus
challenges and other challenges so our
plan is to put this call on hold for
right now for those who missed it the
proto school newsletter is available now
so big updates like the ones that you
saw in this call
ones that will be going out in the
protocol newsletter so you can sign up
for that at proto that's cool
/ - slash news or just click the news
website sign up for that there's a
version for everyone that would be major
updates like we have a new tutorial or
we have an important new site feature
and that's all we'd let you know about
or if you're interested in hosting
events we have a special version for
local leadership updates you just check
a checkbox and then we tell you stuff
that's relevant specifically to you so
if we added a new resource for local
leaders we PEP posted and that sort of
sub piece of the audience so for right
now we're gonna pause this call we're
very happy to kind of resume if the
audience demands but we can also answer
questions one off we can schedule a call
with you if there's something you want
to chat about about Chronos schools so
feel free to email us for at proto
school at protocol AI if you want to set
up a chat and also if there's demand for
it we could set up just drop in office
hours to ask questions but let's try
using the newsletter fright now see how
it goes so that's updates for June and
we're really excited to keep you updated
through the newsletter we had a lots of
great stuff coming up so thank you all
talk to you later right